Move remaining React components over, update messaging and missing/outdated information (#518)
primer/design: content/components/avatar-pair.mdx

import ComponentLayout from '~/src/layouts/component-layout'
export default ComponentLayout

<img
  width="960"
  alt="An image showing two different avatars, one larger and one smaller, to represent a parent-child combination."
  src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/586552/203213337-c7d0f683-4971-4ef3-b480-c4743b929634.png"
/>

## Usage

> Use AvatarPair to display two avatars when one is secondary to the other.

Author: ```suggestion
Use avatar pair to display two avatars when one is secondary to the other.
```
